Clarify metamonitoring option without agent operator (#2718)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/monitor-grafana-mimir/collecting-metrics-and-logs.md

The Helm chart does not collect node_exporter metrics. For more information
about node_exporter, see [Additional resources metrics]({{< relref "requirements.md#additional-resources-metrics" >}}).

This section guides you through the process for setting up metrics and logs collection via
the [Grafana Agent operator](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/operator/). The Mimir Helm chart can install and use
the Grafana Agent operator. Due to how Helm works, before the chart can use the operator, you need to manually install
the [Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs)](https://github.com/grafana/agent/tree/main/production/operator/crds) for the
Agent operator.

> If you prefer not to use the Agent operator, then follow the instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Agent operator for metrics and logs collection is our recommended approach. However, if you prefer not to use the Agent operator or already have an existing Grafana Agent you'd like to use for metrics and logs collection, follow the instructions
```

> for [collecting metrics and logs via Grafana Agent](#collect-metrics-and-logs-via-grafana-agent) instead. Manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for [collecting metrics and logs via Grafana Agent](#collect-metrics-and-logs-via-grafana-agent) instead.
```

> deploying a Grafana Agent has some caveats you should be aware of. See [Caveats](#caveats) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

the [Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs)](https://github.com/grafana/agent/tree/main/production/operator/crds) for the
Agent operator.

> If you prefer not to use the agent operator, then deploy a standalone Grafana Agent with the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer not to use the Grafana Agent operator, then deploy a standalone Grafana Agent with the configuration
```

> provided in [Collect metrics and logs via Grafana Agent](#collect-metrics-and-logs-via-grafana-agent).

Reviewer: The user should skip the following 'Credentials' and 'Helm chart values' sections if they don't want to use the operator right? As in, 'if you prefer not to use the agent operator', you should just skip down in the docs all the way to [Collect metrics and logs via Grafana Agent](#collect-metrics-and-logs-via-grafana-agent) right? 

If so, I'll suggest a tweak to the language. Right now I'm left wondering if I should deploy a standalone Grafana agent and then come back up to this point and complete the next two sections. 

I also think we could add something in here that says 'However, we recommend using the operator because it ensures you have all the right labels, etc'. (Basically we echo your argument to Vanguard for why they should use this approach instead of just using an agent they manage themselves).

Older versions of the Helm chart need to be manually instrumented. This means that you need to set up a Grafana Agent
that collects logs and metrics from Mimir or GEM. To set up Grafana Agent,

> see [Set up Grafana Agent](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/set-up/). Once your Agent is deployed, use the [example Agent configuration](#example-agent-configuration) in the section [Collect metrics and logs via the Helm chart](#collect-metrics-and-logs-via-the-helm-chart) to configure the Agent to scrape Mimir or GEM.

Author: ```suggestion
see [Set up Grafana Agent](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/set-up/). Once your Agent is deployed, use the [example Agent configuration](#example-agent-configuration) to configure the Agent to scrape Mimir or GEM.
```

that collects logs and metrics from Mimir or GEM. To set up Grafana Agent,

> see [Set up Grafana Agent](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/set-up/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see [Set up Grafana Agent](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/set-up/). Once your Agent is deployed, use the [example Agent configuration](#example-agent-configuration) in the section below to configure the Agent to scrape Mimir (or GEM). 
```

Author: Added a link to the actual section.

```suggestion
see [Set up Grafana Agent](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/set-up/). Once your Agent is deployed, use the [example Agent configuration](#example-agent-configuration) in the section [Collect metrics and logs via the Helm chart](#collect-metrics-and-logs-via-the-helm-chart) to configure the Agent to scrape Mimir or GEM.
```

Author: I misread where your suggesteion was posted. I corrected the mistake in 70bc4c8b7835ad388fd92db7e6066cf73cc59b60

some advice I've gotten from tech writers is to not use "above" and "below" because the sections may not be ordered vertically for some readers. Since the link already points to the section, I just removed the word "section"

#### Caveats

> Using a static Agent configuration comes with some caveats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing your own Agent comes with some caveats:
```

- You will have to keep the Agent configuration up to date manually as you update the Mimir Helm chart. While we will
  try to keep this article up to date, we cannot guarantee that
  the [example Agent configuration](#example-agent-configuration) will always work.
- The static configuration makes some assumptions about the naming of the chart, such as that you have not overridden
  the `fullnameOverride` in the Helm chart.
- The static configuration cannot be selective in the PersistentVolumes metrics it collects from Kubelet, so it will
  scrape metrics for all PersistentVolumes.
- The static configuration hardcodes the value of the `cluster` label on all metrics and logs. This means that the
  configuration cannot account for multiple installations of the Helm chart.

If possible, upgrade the Mimir Helm chart to version 3.0 or higher and use
the [built-in Grafana Agent operator](#collect-metrics-and-logs-via-the-helm-chart). Using the Agent operator allows the

> chart to automatically configure the Agent and removes the mentioned caveats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chart to automatically configure the Agent, eliminating the aforementioned caveats.
```
